Dragon Balls.
When seven of these mysterious balls
are gathered and the password recited,
a dragon called Shenron appears.
Shenron will grant
whatever wish is requested.
This man, Son Goku, may appear gentle,
but he is of a battle race called Saiyans,
and possesses unparalleled strength.
He met many friends, adventured with them,
and grew into adulthood.
And even now,
he continues to protect Earth from evil.
Original Work, Story & Character Design
Akira Toriyama (Shueisha "Jump comics")
Hee, hee hee!
Time to adventure!
You'll be hooked for sure!
The Demon Realm is full of mystery
DAIMA wonderland
Whoopsie daisy!
Even when your heart shrinks
And you feel low
Dreams are everywhere
Don't worry about it
Never give up
Here comes a New Story
Thousands of jabs and silly jokes
They're waitin' for you
Jaan! Jaka jaan!
The fanfare of courage
No-holds-barred battles
The excitement ain't stoppin'
Hey Shenron, grant my wish
I wanna meet
Someone amazin' again tomorrow
DAIMA
Whoa!
This is amazin'!
The Earth's already out of sight.
Demon Realm planes function on
Magic Power, so they're very fast.
I see.
We're headed to Warp-sama, aren't we?
Yes. That's right.
Warp-sama?
It's a transit point between
the Demon Realm and the outside world.
One must pass Warp-sama
to get to the Demon Realm.
Huh.
Where is the closest Warp-sama to Earth?
I think…
Near Planet Batapi of… the Rakka System.
I see. So there was one there.
Glorio-san.
You said you were asked to
come get Goku-san, correct?
Yes.
The Demon King of
the Third Demon World asked me
so that King Gomah could be defeated.
So, just how strong is
that King Tamah guy?
It's King Gomah.
He's small, but he's crafty
and has amazing Magic Power.
But, you defeated Majin Buu.
You should be able to defeat King Gomah.
Right! We need to hurry and rescue Dende
and return to normal, too.
Right, Supreme Kai-sama?
This is Planet Batapi.
Oh?
Could you stop here a moment?
I need to relay this location to Kibito.
All right.
Thank you. Let's go.
What the heck is that?
That's Warp-sama.
Wow.
Whoa!
It looks like a giant goldfish!
Heya, big goldfish!
I'm not a goldfish!
Nah, you're totally a big goldfish!
Don't call me a goldfish!
Yeah, but…!
Shush, Goku-san!
You mustn't agitate Warp-sama.
If it doesn't like you,
you might not be allowed through.
What?
They say Warp-sama is rather sensitive.
If you tease Warp-sama for looking like
a goldfish, you could draw ire.
-Huh.
-What are you whispering about?
N-Nothing!
Then if you ain't just a goldfish,
are you a popeyed goldfish?
A popeyed goldfish is a goldfish!
S-Sorry!
Shh! Goku-san, please be quiet.
Who are you? Identify yourselves.
I am Glorio.
I passed through here recently.
You have more people. Who are those two?
Ah, they're of the Demon Realm.
Let me see your ears.
Here.
Hmm… They're properly pointed.
You're definitely from the Demon Realm.
And that one?
Uh-oh…
Ow, ow, ow…
Very well. Now just say the pin number.
Pin number?
To use Warp-sama,
one must hand in an application beforehand
and receive a pin number.
There didn't used to be a pin number.
Hurry up!
8821.
All right. Enter.
Whoa?!
That's neat!
O-Oh no! I need to tell Kibito
about the pin number!
Oh no! There's no time!
W-What's that?!
I think what I ate earlier's
comin' back up!
Are you okay?
Sure. That was fun.
Please don't vomit.
Are we in the Demon Realm?
No. This is just a relay point.
The Demon Realm is divided
into three worlds.
The first hatch can only be entered by
palace members of the First Demon World.
We're entering through the third hatch.
The third hatch?
That's the farthest from
the First Demon World where Gomah is.
Shouldn't we at least
go through the second?
I only got clearance for
the Third Demon World.
Seriously?
Huh?
A tiny thing appeared.
Heading back to the Demon World?
That's right.
Okay! Then get a move on!
Huh?! Not again!
Are we there?
Yes. This is the Third Demon World.
Whoa!
So this is it!
Ain't this amazin', Supreme Kai-sama?!
Y-Yes.
I couldn't tell Kibito the pin number.
Well, I'm sure it'll work out.
You're as nonchalant as ever.
Whoa! What's this place?!
That's the Demon Realm Tunnel.
It's a hole path.
Beyond it is the Second Demon World
and beyond that is the First Demon World.
Long ago one could freely go
between Demon Worlds,
but by the time I was young,
someone had placed a shield of light
over it, preventing passage.
So we can't use that hole, huh?
That's right.
That's why Warp-sama has to be used to
travel between the Demon Worlds.
But the only ones who can use Warp-sama
are people of the First Demon World
and select members of
the Second Demon World.
So how is that you can use Warp-sama?
From the look of things, you seem to be
from the Third Demon World.
I do work in the First Demon World.
Really? What sort of work?
This and that.
Huh?
-There's somethin' there.
-Huh?
Ah, that's the previous king, Dabura.
You're right.
But it's in poor shape.
The sky looks funny.
It's a different from Earth's sky,
so it may seem unfamiliar.
When I heard "the Demon Realm,"
I thought it'd be more creepy,
but it's not that different from Earth.
It may seem so, but it has an entirely
different ecology.
There are plants and animals
you've never seen before.
The lands in the Third Demon World
float like that.
Hey, uh, you…
It's Glorio.
I wanna breathe some of the outside air.
Could you let us down?
Very well.
Hup!
So this is the Demon Realm!
Something smells kinda bad.
And…
It's like the air's all stuffy
and makes it hard to move.
That's the gas covering the area.
It makes the air heavy.
Gas?
Don't worry. It's harmless.
Okay.
This is my first time in
the Third Demon World.
You're a Glind, aren't you?
Yes, that's right.
If memory serves, many Glind used to live
in the Second Demon World.
I'm sure you and your sophisticated kind
never had any reason
to come to the Third Demon World.
Whoa!
Hey! Watch out!
If you fall into the Sea of Darkness
below, you'll perish instantly!
Whew! That's pretty scary.
They're slow?
I told you that the air is heavy!
Here they come!
What the heck?!
They're just bandits.
Wow, this place is dangerous.
Let's get going.
We still have a ways to go.
Glorio-san.
Where are we going to go now?
A town.
Tonight we'll stay in a hotel.
Tomorrow I'll take you to see King Kadan.
You mean the king who sent you
as a secret envoy?
Yes.
We seem to be flying rather slow.
If we fly fast, the air resistance will
break the plane's machinery.
Check it out.
There's a weird volcano over there.
You're right. It's floating but it's a
volcano. How interesting.
The gas that volcano spews makes the air
heavy.
There are volcanos all over this area.
So that's why it stinks.
I could probably fart and nobody'd notice.
That's being crude.
The thicker the gas is,
the heavier the air becomes.
Because of that, it's difficult to fly
planes near volcanos.
I see.
Whoa!
Whew! That surprised me.
It's just a minor gas emission.
The smell seems to have increased.
Sorry, sorry. You got me.
It was night on Earth,
so you must be getting sleepy.
We'll spend the night around here.
Thank goodness.
You guests?
Yes.
Will you two be okay in the same room?
Yes. That's fine.
Do you have two rooms?
Sure I do. That'll be
30,000 Dokuro a room.
30,000? That seems rather exorbitant.
If you don't like it,
you can go somewhere else.
Too bad this is
the only hotel in the region.
I'd watch myself if I was you.
What are you doing?
I get it! How about 5,000?!
That'll do.
Our rooms are upstairs.
I'll come for you in the morning.
I understand.
Hey, we left while I was still eatin',
so I'm hungry.
Can we get somethin' to eat?
Huh?! You ate all of that
and you're still…?
Hey. Do you offer food?
Uh, there's a bar across the street.
They probably have
hamburgers or something.
A hamburger… Is one enough?
I already ate a bit so…
I'll take five!
-Do you want a drink?
-A little.
Give us five hamburgers and two drinks.
Demon World hamburgers are pretty yummy.
What meat is this?
Don't ask.
-Hey kid.
-Hm?
You got round ears.
You ain't from the Demon Realm, are you?
We're eating. Get lost.
What? You seem awful full of yourself,
don't you?
Didn't you hear me say to get lost?
What? What was that?!
Say that again!
Wh-Why you…!
Ow, ow, ow!
-Another.
-Y-Yessir!
Oh man, my hamburger…
Why you…!
What?!
Darn it!
You little…!
It's hard to move!
Why you…! Stop messing around!
Maybe that should be enough?
Is that allowed?!
Anything goes!
This'll help to get used to this air.
I'll take you all on!
You snotty little…!
Huh?!
I think I'm gettin' the hang of my smaller
body's balance and sense of distance.
Yes. That should be enough.
My belly still hasn't had enough, though.
-Another hamburger.
-Y-Yes! Right away!
We'll show them!
Let's go.
Glorio-san, is something wrong?
My plane…
Huh?
Did they…?!
Holding out my hand
Up to the sky
The moment is ours
Make a miracle happen
Like a bird with open wings we fly
Picking up
Those pieces of hope
There's no giving up
Go as far as we can
I got you by my side
Run, run, run
Over the mountain we go
I hear it always
Your voice in my heart
"You know that we're never alone"
CHATTY